Hey guys.
Today it's Angela and the office crayfish. The office crayfish
and I would like to congratulate you on getting this far, so well done for completing the last module,
and we're both really proud of you. Now,
today I want to talk about something I've heard students say a lot and, you know, it's this idea like
maybe like I'm not cut out for programming, maybe like I just wasn't born with a particular brain that’s
required to think in this way, maybe like this is just not for me. And, you know, why is it that so and
so like they just pick it up like that?
Like why are they just born to do it, you know?
And what I want to say to that is like, nobody is born to have a certain skill, right? Or, you know, there's
a lot of things that require a lot of dedication to be able to achieve the result that people get.
You just don't see it, that's all.
Now, you know, you never see like a baby like just being born that’s all like really muscular, right?
Like that doesn't happen. In order to get muscular, in order to get strong,
you’ve got to go to the gym, you've got to put in the ropes, like nobody can help you with that, no matter
how rich or how privileged or how smart you are.
If you don't go to the gym you're not going to get stronger.
And it's the same with a lot of other skills, you know, like, with programming, I would bet that there is
no one programmer who you can find who hasn't done the work.
Like you don't just show up on your day one and you’re like, well, I know everything. That doesn't work.
And in most cases, like, you know, people often hide like the hard work that's required in order to get
to where they are.
Like if you think about the game Pokemon Go, like you remember that from like a few years ago, how it
just blew up overnight and literally everybody was walking around playing Pokemon Go, I swear.
And newspapers were saying like, “Oh, overnight sensation, Pokemon Go.”
And it's like you know the creators stumbled on like some sort of a pot of gold.
But actually like, do you know how many other games that Niantic
and the founders of Niantic have built before that?
Like how many have failed and how many were just kind of meh, like until they had this big moment?
We don't see that.
But it doesn't mean it doesn't happen,
right?
So, in order to get good at something, you've got to show up, you’ve got to put in the hours, and then you'll
get the results that you deserve.
And in fact you know like if you suddenly just like win the lottery and you get something that you haven't
really worked hard for you never really cherish it.
Like if somebody gives you a gift and you didn't have to work hard for it it's not the same as the thing
that you know you worked a whole summer for like washing dishes.
Like I certainly remember that.
Like that thing that you buy is so different from something that somebody usually gives you.
So put in the work, put in the effort, and the results will happen, I promise, and I am here for you and
I'm here cheering you on. I believe in you.
And I think you're going to do great.
So just keep going.